Ankle Circles
Use a sturdy object like a squat rack to hold yourself. Lift the right leg in the air (just around 2 inches from the floor) and perform a circular motion with the big toe. Pretend that you are drawing a big circle with it. Tip: One circle equals 1 repetition. Breathe normally as you perform the movement.When you are done with the right foot, then repeat with the left leg.
Arm Circles
Stand up and extend your arms straight out by the sides. The arms should be parallel to the floor and perpendicular (90-degree angle) to your torso. This will be your starting position. Slowly start to make circles of about 1 foot in diameter with each outstretched arm. Breathe normally as you perform the movement. Continue the circular motion of the outstretched arms for about ten seconds. Then reverse the movement, going the opposite direction.
Backward Drag
Load a sled with the desired weight, attaching a rope or straps to the sled that you can hold onto. Begin the exercise by moving backwards for a given distance. Leaning back, extend through the legs for short steps to move as quickly as possible.
Barbell Curl
Stand up with your torso upright while holding a barbell at a shoulder-width grip. The palm of your hands should be facing forward and the elbows should be close to the torso. While holding the upper arms stationary, curl the weights forward while contracting the biceps as you breathe out. Continue the movement until your biceps are fully contracted and the bar is at shoulder level. Hold the contracted position for a second and squeeze the biceps hard. Slowly begin to bring the bar back to starting position.
Barbell Incline Bench Press
Lie back on an incline bench. Using a medium-width grip (a grip that creates a 90-degree angle in the middle of the movement between the forearms and the upper arms), lift the bar from the rack and hold it straight over you with your arms locked. As you breathe in, come down slowly until you feel the bar on you upper chest. After a second pause, bring the bar back to the starting position as you breathe out and push the bar using your chest muscles. Lock your arms in the contracted position, squeeze your chest, hold for a second and then start coming down slowly again. When you are done, place the bar back in the rack.
Barbell Shrug
Stand up straight with your feet at shoulder width as you hold a barbell with both hands in front of you using a pronated grip (palms facing the thighs). Your hands should be a little wider than shoulder width apart. Raise your shoulders up as far as you can go as you breathe out and hold the contraction for a second. Slowly return to the starting position as you breathe in.
Bench Press
Begin by lying on the bench, getting your head beyond the bar if possible. Tuck your feet underneath you and arch your back. Using the bar to help support your weight, lift your shoulder off the bench and retract them, squeezing the shoulder blades together. Use your feet to drive your traps into the bench. Maintain this tight body position throughout the movement. However wide your grip, it should cover the ring on the bar. Pull the bar out of the rack without protracting your shoulders. Focus on squeezing the bar and trying to pull it apart. Lower the bar to your lower chest or upper stomach. The bar, wrist, and elbow should stay in line at all times. Pause when the barbell touches your torso, and then drive the bar up with as much force as possible. The elbows should be tucked in until lockout.
Box Jump
Assume a relaxed stance facing the box or platform approximately an arm's length away. Arms should be down at the sides and legs slightly bent. Using the arms to aid in the initial burst, jump upward and forward, landing with feet simultaneously on top of the box or platform. Immediately drop or jump back down to the original starting place; then repeat the sequence.
Decline Push-Up
Lie on the floor face down and place your hands about 36 inches apart while holding your torso up at arms length. Move your feet up to a box or bench. This will be your starting position. Next, lower yourself downward until your chest almost touches the floor as you inhale. Now breathe out and press your upper body back up to the starting position while squeezing your chest. After a brief pause at the top contracted position, you can begin to lower yourself downward again for as many repetitions as needed.
Dips - Chest Version
For this exercise you will need access to parallel bars. To get yourself into the starting position, hold your body at arms length (arms locked) above the bars. While breathing in, lower yourself slowly with your torso leaning forward around 30 degrees or so and your elbows flared out slightly until you feel a slight stretch in the chest. Once you feel the stretch, use your chest to bring your body back to the starting position as you breathe out.
Dips - Triceps Version
To get into the starting position, hold your body at arm's length with your arms nearly locked above the bars. Now, inhale and slowly lower yourself downward. Your torso should remain upright and your elbows should stay close to your body. This helps to better focus on tricep involvement. Lower yourself until there is a 90 degree angle formed between the upper arm and forearm. Then, exhale and push your torso back up using your triceps to bring your body back to the starting position.
Dumbbell Lunges
Stand with your torso upright holding two dumbbells in your hands by your sides. This will be your starting position. Step forward with your right leg around 2 feet or so from the foot being left stationary behind and lower your upper body down, while keeping the torso upright and maintaining balance. Inhale as you go down. Using mainly the heel of your foot, push up and go back to the starting position as you exhale. Repeat the movement for the recommended amount of repetitions and then perform with the left leg.
Elbow to Knee
Lie on the floor, crossing your right leg across your bent left knee. Clasp your hands behind your head, beginning with your shoulder blades on the ground. This will be your starting position. Perform the motion by flexing the spine and rotating your torso to bring the left elbow to the right knee. Return to the starting position and repeat the movement for the desired number of repetitions before switching sides.
Farmer's Walk
These can be performed with heavy dumbbells or short bars. Begin by standing between the implements.After gripping the handles, lift them up by driving through your heels, keeping your back straight and your head up. Walk taking short, quick steps, and don't forget to breathe. Move for a given distance, typically 50-100 feet, as fast as possible. 
Front Plate Raises
While standing straight, hold a barbell plate in both hands at the 3 and 9 o'clock positions. Your palms should be facing each other and your arms should be extended and locked with a slight bend at the elbows and the plate should be down near your waist in front of you as far as you can go. Slowly raise the plate as you exhale until it is a little above shoulder level. Hold the contraction for a second. As you inhale, slowly lower the plate back down to the starting position.
Goblet Squat
Stand holding a light kettlebell by the horns close to your chest. Squat down between your legs until your hamstrings are on your calves. Keep your chest and head up and your back straight. At the bottom position, pause and use your elbows to push your knees out. Return to the starting position, and repeat for 10-20 repetitions.
Jackknife Sit-Up
Lie flat on the floor (or exercise mat) on your back with your arms extended straight back behind your head and your legs extended also. As you exhale, bend at the waist while simultaneously raising your legs and arms to meet in a jackknife position. The upper torso should be off the floor. While inhaling, lower your arms and legs back to the starting position.
Medicine Ball Chest Pass
You will need a partner for this exercise. Lacking one, this movement can be performed against a wall.Begin facing your partner holding the medicine ball at your torso with both hands. Pull the ball to your chest, and reverse the motion by extending through the elbows. Your partner should catch the ball, and throw it back to you.
Overhead Slam
Hold a medine ball with both hands and stand with your feet at shoulder width. This will be your starting position. Initiate the countermovement by raising the ball above your head and fully extending your body. Reverse the motion, slamming the ball into the ground directly in front of you as hard as you can. Receive the ball with both hands on the bounce and repeat the movement.
Plank
Get into a prone position on the floor, supporting your weight on your toes and your forearms. Your arms are bent and directly below the shoulder. Keep your body straight at all times, and hold this position as long as possible. To increase difficulty, an arm or leg can be raised.
Pushups
Lie on the floor face down and place your hands about 36 inches apart while holding your torso up at arms length. Next, lower yourself downward until your chest almost touches the floor as you inhale. Now breathe out and press your upper body back up to the starting position while squeezing your chest.
Reverse Barbell Curl
Stand up with your torso upright while holding a barbell at shoulder width with the elbows close to the torso. The palm of your hands should be facing down (pronated grip). While holding the upper arms stationary, curl the weights while contracting the biceps as you breathe out. Only the forearms should move. Continue the movement until your biceps are fully contracted and the bar is at shoulder level. Hold the contracted position for a second as you squeeze the muscle. Slowly begin to bring the bar back to starting position as your breathe in.
Reverse Crunch
Lie down on the floor with your legs fully extended and arms to the side of your torso with the palms on the floor. Your arms should be stationary for the entire exercise. Move your legs up so that your thighs are perpendicular to the floor and feet are together and parallel to the floor. This is the starting position. While inhaling, move your legs towards the torso as you roll your pelvis backwards and you raise your hips off the floor. At the end of this movement your knees will be touching your chest. Hold the contraction for a second and move your legs back to the starting position while exhaling.
Side Lateral Raise
Pick a couple of dumbbells and stand with a straight torso and the dumbbells by your side at arms length with the palms of the hand facing you. This will be your starting position. While maintaining the torso in a stationary position (no swinging), lift the dumbbells to your side with a slight bend on the elbow and the hands slightly tilted forward as if pouring water in a glass. Continue to go up until you arms are parallel to the floor. Exhale as you execute this movement and pause for a second at the top. Lower the dumbbells back down slowly to the starting position as you inhale.
Superman
To begin, lie straight and face down on the floor or exercise mat. Your arms should be fully extended in front of you. Simultaneously raise your arms, legs, and chest off of the floor and hold this contraction for 2 seconds. Note: When holding the contracted position, you should look like superman when he is flying. Slowly begin to lower your arms, legs and chest back down to the starting position while inhaling.